Can you see the problem with this configuration.
So firstly note that a network is being advertised in BGP.
But look at the subnet mask on the loopback interface.
This is a Slusher 32 network.
So again show run.
Notice the subnet mask on the loopback interface and then look at the subnet mask on the BJP configuration.
Now this is a very important difference between BGP and IGP as such as Eli GOP and OSPF the network
command does not enable BGP on an interface the network command looks for this network in the IP routing
table and if there's an exact match it will advertise that network through BGP.
So show IP route shows us that network fall is in the IP writing table but the subnet mask is different.
It's not a slice 24 subnet.
So this network or doesn't appear in the IP writing table remember BGP is looking for an exact prefix.
In other words the network portion and the subnet mask have to match exactly which they don't.
In this example this is a Slusher 32.
This is a slash 24.
So there isn't a match.
So even though the route appears in the operating table it's not added to the BGP routing table because
there isn't an exact match.
So let's fix our BGP configuration Subrata BGP 65000 for no network Forder for dot dot 4.0 mosque 2
4 5 2 5 5 5 0.
This needs to be network $4.40 for Mosque slash 32.
So now show IP BGP.
Notice that a network is in the BJP writing table the local Rodda is advertising the network.
So what we should see here is that previously we didn't have a network for in the IP writing table but
now we do on Rotto one can write a one ping the loop back of.
Yes it can.
That route has been advertised via a BGP route a one received the route from router to router to is
the next top but the network originated in a tournament system sixty five thousand four.
Then it went to a tournament system sixty five thousand three eventa sixty five thousand two and was
advertised by a 2 8 8 or 2 2 Rato one because of the road is valid.
In other words the next top is ping a bull that the round is added to the IP routing table which means
that we can ping the loop back over waterfall and if we do a trace we see that the trace goes through
the network via router 2 3 and 4.
So weve successfully solved the problem in this network.
The big takeaway here or the big thing to remember is the network command in BGP is not like network
commands in OSPF for the GOP or other IGP.
The network command tells BGP to look for an exact match of that network in the IP writing table.
If it finds that network then it advertises it through BGP to neighboring routers but it has to be an
exact match.
So how did you do.
Were you able to solve this.
Remember BGP is an external or exterior gateway routing protocol BGP doesn't work like other routing
protocols BGP is a very big subject.
But for the and a course you just need to know the basics of BGP hoopy finding these troubleshooting
videos useful.